[DOC] Add overrides info to tempo-distributed doc (#4415)
grafana/tempo: docs/sources/helm-charts/tempo-distributed/get-started-helm-charts/_index.md

Overrides can be used with both GET and Tempo.

The following example configuration sets some global configuration options, as well as a set of options for a specific tenant:

```yaml
global_overrides:
    default:
        ingestion:
          rate_limit_bytes: 5 * 1000 * 1000
          burst_size_bytes: 5 * 1000 * 1000
          max_traces_per_user: 1000
        global:
          max_bytes_per_trace: 10 * 1000 * 1000

        metrics_generator:
          processors: ['service-graphs', 'span-metrics']

overrides:
    '1234':
        ingestion:
          rate_limit_bytes: 2 * 1000 * 1000
          burst_size_bytes: 2 * 1000 * 1000
          max_traces_per_user: 400
        global:
          max_bytes_per_trace: 5 * 1000 * 1000
```

This configuration:

* Enables the Span Metrics and Service Graph metrics-generator processors for all tenants
* An ingestion rate and burst size limit of 5MB/s, a maximum trace size of 10MB and a maximum of 1000 live traces in an ingester for all tenants
* Overrides the '1234' tenant with a rate and burst size limit of 2MB/s, a maximum trace size of 5MB and a maximum of 400 live traces in an ingester

> Note that runtime configurations should include all options for a specific tenant.

Reviewer: nit: can we highlight this fact, this is important to highlight

Author: ```suggestion
{{< admonition type="note" >}}
Runtime configurations should include all options for a specific tenant.
{{< /admonition >}}
```
